We last left off,
creating that glass pane component, and
we're quickly gonna move on to
making our all through layouts and
we'll actually try to render some stuff on
the page and see what our app looks like.
So let's do that.
First thing is let's go to our code and
we'll go to the app slash
auth slash layout, and
this is where we're gonna make our root
layout for the auth root, root grouping.
So, let's do that.
So, we'll say exports
default function here, and
I'm just gonna call it like auth
route layout, something like that.
The layout just needs to have an HTML tag,
like that.
And then for the head, we already have
a head so we can actually just do this.
And what it'll do is use
the one at the root here
Was like a partial, and
then we need our body.
And then because it's a layout,
it's going to have children.
So, got to put children here and
you can do that but
we want the child, in this layout
to be wrapped in the glass pane,
so we're going to import the glass
pane and wrap it in there.
So let's do that.
So gonna say glass pane like that,
and just wrap that like so.
Wow, I did the autocomplete
with a shortcut.
That's cool.
I don't know how I knew that.
I didn't know it did that.
I thought I was going to do the dot dot,
dot dot dot stuff.
Awesome.
Alright, so we got that.
And then there's, you know,
some styles that we can add to it.
That's, it's not going to look like
anything because we haven't installed
tailwind but when we do,
it's gonna look great.
So we can go ahead and add those styles.
So I was gonna say class name here.
And height of screen,
I think is equivalent to like, view,
view height 100 100 view height, so
I'll just make it as tall as the screen.
Same thing as the width, make this
as wide as the screen, and then I'm
gonna add this other one called rainbow
mesh, we're gonna add that to our global.
And then we have another one here
that's going to be just some padding
For the glass plane, we're also
going to add some class names and
we're just going to extend the width and
the height.
So we'll say width is full,
height is full, flex this.
We're going to center it, so item center.
And justify.
Justify center.
So if we go to,
if we want to see this layout in action,
we have to go to a page that triggers this
layout which will be either be signed into
register so I'm gonna go to the sign in
page and just make an empty page here.
Export default function sign in.
Cool.
Just a component that returns to anything.
So, we can actually trigger
the layout rendering,
we can see it see how bad it looks because
we don't have tailwind installed yet.
Okay, so now we can just do NPM run, dev,
we're gonna start this.
Mine is on 3001.
So I have the other app running and
then I'm gonna go to slash sign in,
and there we go.
We're at sign in.
And if we looked at the dom,
you can probably see,
yep, there's the layout right there.
So it's working.
It just doesn't log anything
cuz we haven't added any
CSS All
right last thing we want to
do is import our global CSS so
we'll say import from styles global.css.
Alright and
I'm gonna do the same thing for
the dashboard one which is
mostly the same but plus more.
The dashboard just has a lot more stuff
in it, but it's mostly the same base.
So we're going to the dashboard one,
we'll go to layout.
I'm just gonna pretty much paste that
in there, change the name to dashboard,
Layout, root layout.
Like that.
This unit dashboard is when we start
making the other components like
the sidebar and all the other stuff
we're going to add them here but
for now it's mostly the same
until we get to that point.
And we can trigger this
by doing the same thing.
So I can go to home.
We already have page here.
Just make a blank component.
Just gonna copy the one from sign in,
go to home, paste that in,
call that home, say home.
So now if I go to, that one's,
I don't think we added that to
the TypeScript, so we'll have to add that.
So now if I go to,
actually I guess we gotta do it now.
Let's go to tsconfig.
Yeah, I just gotta add a path for
the styles.
So now if we go to slash
home once this thing's
loaded up, let's load up something.
Let's see what's actually there.
Something's there.
Yeah, it's there.
It's just I don't know, the text is
a different color or something, but
it's there.
So that's the CSS, but we just want to
make sure it's actually loading up,
which it is.
So we're good there.